in this video I'm going to be showing
you one of my favorite concoctions raw
hot chocolate and don't worry healthy
hot chocolate does not equal taste free
so I've got my pan ready here and all my
ingredients and I'm going to be
measuring my raw milk and a very
scientific method using a mug and when
you pour the milk into the mark you want
to leave about a fourth of the mug free
of milk one of the about for fourth of
the mug empty so I'm just going to empty
that into the pan and turn my stove onto
a low-medium heat I have electric which
isn't the most idea if you have guests
that's much better and that I'm going to
just leave to cook for a few minutes
just to heat up now you don't want this
to start bubbling because once it start
bubbling it's boiling and it's killed
everything is pasteurized basically so
you want to keep dipping the knuckle of
your little finger in there just to
check what the temperature is and the
ideal temperature is going to be just
slightly warmer than skin temperature
just perfect dream drinking temperature
so while that's doing let's start mixing
up the hot chocolate base for it and I
have my organic cocoa powder you could
use raw cocoa powder for this but it's
very expensive and quite difficult to
get hold up so I just use organic cocoa
powder and you want a nice heaped
teaspoon full of the cocoa dump that
into your mug and then we're going to be
using some stevia the little sachets of
stevia are perfect for this so just one
packet you could use two or you could
use less according to your taste just
dump that in as well so I said it's very
scientific and we'll add a little bit of
water just so we can mix it just a tiny
amount just we can make it into a paste
and I've got my nice little Whizzer here
very dangerous tool and I'm going to
whizz that up it's great fun this you
have clouds of smoke emanating from it
make yourself choke and that's all ready
to add our warmed milk too so as I said
just keep checking that it should
probably only take if you're doing just
one mug it should probably only take
three or four minutes at the most if
you're doing more it will take obviously
a little bit longer you've got more milk
to heat but just keep coming back to it
every minute or so just stick the
knuckle of your little finger in there
just to check the temperature so our
milk is at the right temperature now
just check it finally with your knuckle
make sure it's safe and then we've got
our cocoa mixture here now you can just
leave it like that you can just add the
milk and drink it just straight like
that but sometimes I like to add a
little bit of flavoring to it and of
course our flavorings are not full of
sugar and syrup like coffee shop syrups
are basically what you can use is just
an extract of a flavoring so on this
occasion I'm going to be using organic
peppermint extract you can use almond
vanilla hazelnut whatever you can find
this an extract make sure it's an
extract not a flavoring because that's
not obviously not going to be the true
staff and with this you just need a very
very tiny amount it's very concentrated
just a tiny tiny little drop literally
that will be all you'll need always that
up with the milk there's two ways of
pouring the milk into the mac i prefer
the less tidy method you could use a
ladle it's very tidy but it takes longer
and I'm just far too lazy for that so
excuse the dumping method we're just
going to pour the milk in it fits
perfectly and we're going to use our
little Whizzer again just to mix it all
up mmm it smells wonderful and there you
have it perfect cup of hot chocolate you
could be super duper fancy if you wanted
and whip up some royal cream with a tiny
little bit of stevia in it and you'd
have a nice little bit of cream on the
top but I think this is perfect just the
way it is